MakeraPR: Corrected the shrink A command (#327)
Carvera-Community/Carvera_Community_Firmware: version.txt

- Enhancement: Added `debugmode cpuload` to output the % of time spent not in on_idle once per second to console
- Enhancement: Added a new 4th axis self-calibration routine M469.6. This routine calibrates the 4th axis centreline in both Y and Z axis by probing a round object (such as chuck body) from multiple directions. This routine find the true zero point without being affected by runout or surface imperfections.
- Enhancement: Added improved PID Spindle control that increases performance of carvera C1 spindles. Setup requires following the guide on the documentation page

> - Fixed: Corrected the Shrink Acommand, changing it from compressing machine coordinates to compressing work coordinates. Change from makera

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed: Corrected the Shrink A command G92.4 A0 S0. Now instead of compressing machine coordinates it compresses work coordinates. Backported from Makera firmware
```
